---
layout: post
title: 002-draft
permalink: /002-draft/
mood: blog
type: draft 
---

IPFS or InterPlanetary File System is a peer-to-peer media sharing system focused on decentralization. As a disclaimer, I don't not work for, take any part in, or have any investments in the development of IPFS. I'm just a developer who thinks it's amazing and hopes to implement projects via IPFS. 

## The Current Problem

In general, file-sharing is---for better or for worse---kept to around three companies: Google Drive, Microsoft OneDrive, and Dropbox. In the event that a large-scale security breach happens, bankruptcy, etc, all data can/will be lost. Many have tried to combat this by hosting their own NAS (Network Attached Storage) servers. However, I don't think this is a worth-while fix due to its lack of ease. While it may be easy to convert some old Dell laptop into a storage server using something like [FreeNAS](http://www.freenas.org/for-home/), I don't think the mainstream market would do this. This is where decentralized storage comes in.

## A Potential Fix

IPFS "proposes" *(it doesn't really propose this because it's already been implemented, but meh)* a decentralized network where files can be uploaded and immediately seeded by nodes on said network. While this is a gross oversimplification of the system, the reason this outperforms standard p2p torrenting is because of the immediate seeding, thus keeping files alive permanently[^1].  

---

[^1]: I'm aware that saying "permanent" is a misnomer when it comes to "service-based" storage. However, IPFS would be considered a semi-permanent digital storage system.
