---
layout: post
title: A quick update!
permalink: /003
category: blog
type: post
---

Wow! It's been around 2 (almost 3) months since I last posted here. This has
mostly been two-parts busyness and one-part life. However, I'll be more active
very soon, and will be covering more interesting topics, as well as giving
updates to the projects I'm actively working on.

In other news, I've decided to move away from the Kyotoshift moniker and music
as a whole. Why am I doing this? Well, I started using the Kyotoshift name about
1.5-2 years ago when I needed a new name for my music producing. I was reading a
lot of  manga (Japanese comic  books) at the time  and thought the manga company
**Shonen Jump**'s name sounded cool, so I attempted to make a name in a similar fashion....
cut to a few hours and many Initial D episodes later and I came up with Kyotoshift. The name was *alright*... I didn't think to much of it and quickly changed my name on Soundcloud, Twitter, etc. I went on to publish a few albums under the name and once I started getting back into programming, figured I needed a GitHub username. From GitHub came this blog, and so on. Why no more music? I feel I'm getting to an age where I need to have my priorities in order as to not become homeless in 3-5 years, so I'm going to pursue other paths for now.

Finally, why  0px/0pixels? While  I'd prefer  to use my  real name---Judah---I've
found that roughly 70-80% of people I meet for the first time get my name wrong.
On and offline. Judayah, Judo, Jude, the  list goes on. For that
reason, I feel a simple, non-weeaboo-esque name is better for my future
endeavors.
